[Man-eater groans]
A Man-eater.
[whimpering]
Well, that's great.
Better sound the alarm.
-Hey, Captain!
-You can't just barge in here--
[Kiruko] Speed up!
A Man-eater is attacking the ship!
[captain] What'd you say?
[Maru] Sis, it's back!
Uh-- Ah! [grunts]
[metal creaking]
Eat this!
Yeah! Nice shot!
[gurgling]
[both groan]
Seriously?
[Man-eater gurgles]
[panting]
-[Kuku giggles] Kuku.
-Uh…
Nobody followed you out here
or anything, right?
-[grunts]
-Then let's go!
We're gonna see a baby.
[groans]
[Kuku grunts, hums]
[grunts]
And here it is!
What is?
-Follow me.
-Uh…
-[grunts]
-Huh?
[hums]
[grunting]
Uh…
We can get in through here!
[stammers]
[grunts]
[groans]
Are you kidding me? I can't do that!
[students chattering]
[camera whirring]
[student 1] Hey, did you hear that noise
in class today?
[student 2] Maybe. Which noise?
-[Taka] Look, I can do it up here!
-[Anzu] Stop!
-You're going to hurt yourself.
-[gasps]
-[lens whirring]
-[computer beeps]
[computer] Aberrant behavior detected.
[overseer] That's just Taka.
Nothing aberrant there.
[lens whirring]
[computer beeps] Contact
of ten or more seconds confirmed.
Iwa and Nanaki at it again.
I wonder what exactly led them
to inventing the kiss.
It is bizarre, isn't it?
The behavior has never been taught
or modeled in any way.
-[beeping]
-[both] Huh?
[computer] Possible deterioration
in health detected.
Medical team,
we've received an alert for Tarao.
Confirm his condition, please.
Got it. We're on the way.
-[Tokio] You stick right there.
-[beeping]
Okay. Upsy-daisy.
-Whoa!
-Tokio, you're a genius!
I actually stole this idea from Taka.
[lens whirring]
Almost there. I gotcha.
[both grunt]
[students laughing]
-Okay then, lead the way!
-Let's go look for it.
-[laughter continues]
-[Kuku] Tokio!
-Uh--
-Hurry up.
[Tokio] All right.
Does this count?
Are we going outside of the outside?
[Man-eater squelches]
[sailor] We're dead if that gets in!
Wait, your gun. If you can at least
shoot it off the side of the ship again,
that should buy us enough time to
make sure all the outer doors are closed.
[Kiruko] Sorry, I'm out of bullets.
And I don't know if the ship
is lopsided or rusted or what,
but we got at least one door
that won't budge.
Then all we can do
is barricade ourselves in here.
[Maru] How long until we reach the shore?
[captain] At top speed, half an hour.
Will this thing hold?
-[screw clatters]
-Yikes! Uh--
I'm gonna guess, "No."
What do you think?
Not sure yet,
but look at all that goop on it.
It covers its entire body like a suit.
I think it needs that lubricant
to move, to attack,
to use its freaky little sticky hands.
If we can get rid of that,
we can incapacitate it.
So where would be
the best place to fight it?
Somewhere that would dry it out, right?
On land?
No time. We need to trap it
somewhere maze-like,
force it into wiping the goop off itself.
-We'll fight it inside the ship.
-Um, no, thank you.
Hey! That "Do not enter" door
you got downstairs?
-I need to enter.
-[sailor] What?
Not a chance.
If you don't want to die today,
I need the key!
-It ain't even locked.
-[both] Huh?
Ain't never been locked.
Go let yourself in.
Well, he said it ain't locked…
Unbelievable.
[Maru] Sis, hang on!
How are we supposed to kill it
without the Kiru-Beam?
We have the Maru-Touch.
[gasps]
And that is?
-Where you touch it and it dies.
-Huh?
[gasps] Wait.
[shouting] You don't have a plan, do you?
[squelching]
Hey! Over here! Come and get me!
[metal creaking]
[rumbling]
[breathes heavily]
[shouts] Here we go!
[both scream]
-[panting]
-Scary fish!
[panting, stammering]
-Damn it, the boxes!
-[Kiruko] Climb over! Hurry!
[panting, grunting]
[squelching, pulsating]
-[Kiruko shrieks]
-[metal shatters]
Way to miss, fish!
[grunting]
It's open, come on!
You need to open both sides.
Otherwise,
the fish won't be able to get in!
It doesn't need to get in!
-The plan's not gonna work if it doesn't!
-I hate this!
[panting]
-It's all boxes in here, too.
-Run across already!
[Maru] Damn it! I gotta say,
I don't like trapping us in a tiny room
with that thing.
[squelching]
[panting, yelps]
[grunting]
Another door. [grunting]
It's freaking stuck!
Let me in! Come on!
[grunting]
-[panting]
-Maru, you're gonna hurt yourself.
I can't get this handle to move!
[grunting]
-It doesn't need to.
-Really? Why?
[Man-eater groaning, squelching]
Oh, gross! What's happening to it now?
[chuckles] It found the greens.
Gotta thank the good folks out at the farm
for this one.
The upper floor was full of produce,
which didn't do us much good.
But they had to put the weed somewhere.
Like, maybe behind a big door that said,
"Do not enter"?
Between the hundreds of pounds
of dried marijuana
and all this cardboard,
that poor freak
is just a fish out of water.
[Man-eater squelching]
[chuckles] We win.
Yeah, he's not moving.
Give it the fatal blow.
I can't believe we did this
without the Kiru-Beam.
You should never focus solely
on your opponent in a fight.
If you wanna win, you have to stay calm
and examine your surroundings.
That's how I've survived this long,
anyway.
[sighs] It does kinda suck, though.
Hmm?
I can live with "Kiru-Beam,"
but "Maru-Touch" is too far.
[Kiruko] What're you talking about?
[Maru] I'm talking about
how the way you name stuff is stupid!
Um, we've been walking
for kind of a while now.
You should learn how to be patient.
-Oh, we're there!
-[gasps]
'Kay, we're good. Nobody's around.
So, people are around sometimes?
Usually just the Director.
-And some adults I've never met.
-[groans]
[both grunting]
Where are we?
Is this part of the school? It's all…
Hey! Come see the little babies.
[gasps]
Wow, you're right.
No faces.
[gasps]
[gasps, breathes deeply]
-[alarm blaring]
-[computer] Intruder detected.
-Intruder detected.
-[all react]
-The sanctum.
-Tokio!
-[computer] The sanctum.
-[Tokio whimpers]
-[alarm blaring]
-Hmm?
[computer] Intruder detected.
Intruder detected.
The sanctum…
Did you set off this alarm?
I don't think so. I've been out here.
-Have you checked inside?
-I didn't want to go alone.
-[door opens]
-[panting]
[grunting]
[sniffling, breathing shakily]
[groans] Hmm?
Uh…
[panting]
-[door opens]
-Huh?
-[Director] What is all this fuss?
-[gasps]
[scientist 1] Oh. There was
an intruder alert, Director.
Yes, I'm aware of that. Thank you.
[scientist 2] We'll follow up now.
Any info?
[overseer 1] Not yet. We're still looking.
[overseer 2] There's no sign
of an intruder anywhere on the premises.
We'll keep at it, of course,
but chances are
it was just a glitch in the system.
I guess that wasn't for us after all.
Tokio! Give me your hand.
[both grunting]
[Tokio] Ah! [panting]
[Kuku] We should hurry.
-Hurry means move!
-[gasps]
To-ki-o…
[Director] Okay, Mina.
Yes?
Tell me what happened to cause
that phantom intruder alert we all heard.
This place is essentially your body,
correct?
If a human's health inspection
returned an error
requiring further examination,
would it be reasonable
to assume that human could identify
where there something was wrong
in their body?
[chuckles]
You make a fair point, Mina. I surrender.
[captain] Hey! Not so fast!
Yeah, you little punks!
Think you can just walk away from us?
Well, think again!
You destroyed our cargo!
-[grumbles]
-Uh…
We all would have lost our lives out there
if it hadn't been for you kids.
[stammers] Y-Yeah. Thank you very much
for saving us.
Here. Thanks for the extermination.
Oh, no. That's generous,
but I can't accept this.
We were also saving ourselves.
But if you just gotta repay us, then…
Can you tell us about the area?
Well, let me think…
-[both] Hmm?
-If you travel straight down this road,
you'll eventually stumble over…
kind of a town, I suppose.
Cool. Oh, hang on.
Do you know anything
about this bird symbol?
[captain] Hmm.
Emblems with birds like that
have been around for ages
and reworked a hundred times.
I'm afraid they've all run together for me
at this point.
-That's too bad.
-I know it!
You do? Where's it from?
I think that…
it's the Mitsuba logo.
Mitsuba, huh?
Yeah, I'm sure of it.
There's a destroyed Mitsuba
along this road as well,
if you wanna check it out.
[gasps]
Thanks a lot.
Oh, one last thing.
If you're interested
in working as our bodyguards--
We're kinda busy right now,
but maybe one day.
Little brats, turning down a job offer.
Just who do they think they are?
I do hope to run into 'em again.
Those two have character and smarts
in spades.
Yeah, yeah.
They're good kids, aren't they?
[clattering]
[Kiruko groans] Geez, that guy.
Got my hopes up over nothing.
Big waste of time.
-[Maru] Look what I found!
-Huh?
Packaged food that totally won't kill us!
Hey. That's awesome.
Where'd you dig that up?
It was in a book bag
hidden under some shelves.
And there was an umbrella in there.
So, you wanna go find the town--
No, we still have plenty of time
before it's light out.
-Might as well sleep here.
-Hmm.
"You-kan".
Okay, is this still good?
[sniffs]
-[chuckles] Oh, it's sweet!
-[gasps]
Yeah, you-kan!
-Because "you-can" eat it!
-[groans]
[slurps, gasps]
Whoa, this stuff is amazing!
Ow! [groans]
I could make this again tomorrow,
if you want.
-We should give it a name.
-Huh?
[slurps]
Well, it's youkan,
and I made it with a pan.
So, how about "yo-pan"?
Right. Somehow, I already forgot
that you're terrible at that.
Hey! Don't you judge me.
You're the one who said
"you-can" eat the youkan.
[Maru] Whatever we call it, it's so good.
How many more times can you make it?
-[Kiruko] Only once.
-[Maru] Oh. Shoot…
I expected nothing
and I'm still disappointed.
Why? The rain? Came out of nowhere.
That sailor.
"It's the logo."
[chuckles]
Yeah, no kidding.
[deep voice]
"It's Mitsuba's logo, it's gotta be!"
[normal voice]
They don't look anything alike! Moron.
[both laugh]
What happened? Where'd it go?
It should be right here.
Between these two dates.
I can't even remember it clearly anymore.
[sniffles]
I am so dumb.
I should have burned that image
onto the inside of my eyelids
the second I saw it.
[bell chiming]
-[Taka] Who wants to play my new game?
-[Shiro] Mimihime.
[Anzu] No one does.
The only person who can play it is you.
-[Taka] At least learn the rules!
-[Anzu] I'm going to the pool.
[Mimihime] A picture?
I don't remember having anything
to message you about recently.
If I wanted to talk to you,
I'd just come find you.
-Oh, right.
-What was the picture?
It's, uh, nothing.
It doesn't matter anymore.
But, um…
as long as we're in here--
And you might think I'm weird
for saying this…
Hmm?
But when I see you,
every time I look at you…
I get these unbearable urges.
Hmm? Like what?
Can you be more specific?
[groans] I mean, I'll try.
I want to keep you.
Like, I want to lock you up in my room.
That's fine with me,
if it's not for too long.
Anything else?
-[Shiro stammers]
-Huh?
I guess, I want to… take off your clothes?
[breathes shakily] And touch you.
And maybe, um,
lick you.
Hmm?
[Mimihime] You want to eat me?
[Shiro] No! It's different from eating.
-You'll disappear if I eat you.
-[breathing shakily]
[Mimihime] Do you want to cut me up
and stab me with needles?
[Shiro] I would never do that.
[Tokio whimpers]
[students chattering]
Catch me if you can! [laughs]
[chattering, laughing continues]
[grunts]
[Tokio] Hey, please get better soon.
I really miss playing with you.
Tokio…
[breathes heavily]
[gasps]
It's okay. This isn't something
you can catch from me.
No, I know that, I'm sorry.
I didn't…
[gasps]
Tokio.
[Tokio gasps]
-[whimpers]
-Tokio!
[panting, sobbing]
-[footsteps approach]
-[panting]
[sobbing]
-[Kona] Tokio!
-[gasps]
Hey, are you okay?
Kona.
[whimpers, sobs]
-Feel any better?
-Mm-hmm.
But like… everyone's acting weird.
And I'm… scared, I guess.
[chuckles]
-That's not something to be afraid of.
-Huh?
[Kona] It's natural for people
to start liking one another,
or fall in love.
And it can be confusing at first,
but that's okay.
One day, you might want to touch
and be touched by someone.
That's not scary. Just new.
[sighs]
-[Tokio] Then--
-Hmm?
[Tokio] If that's the case…
I would like it to be you.
[gasps]
[breathes shakily]
I want it to be you, too.
[gasps]
[whimpers]
Um…
[giggles]
[giggling continues]
[computer crackles] Tokio.
This announcement is being made
to your room only.
Tarao's condition has suddenly changed.
-What?
-He has requested to speak with you.
Please come to the treatment room
as soon as possible.
[panting]
[Tokio gasps] Tarao!
[breathes shakily] Let me be alone…
with Tokio, please.
[Tokio] I'm right here, okay?
What's wrong?
We'll be outside.
Call us if anything happens.
Tarao.
-[groans]
-Sorry.
It's okay. I want you to hold me.
[gasps]
I'm sorry about earlier.
I didn't think about your feelings.
-[Tokio] It's fine. Forget about that.
-[Tarao breathing shakily]
I'm not going to get better.
Yes, you will. Don't say that.
Tokio. Listen to me.
You have to go.
Run away.
This place…
is dangerous.